# 3rd-Party Software for [Entity-Parser]()

The following 3rd-party software components may be used by or distributed with **Entity-Parser**.  This document was automatically generated by [FOSSA](http://fossa.io) on 07/02/19; any information relevant to third-party vendors listed below are collected using common, reasonable means.






## Direct Dependencies


Library|Licenses
-------|--------
**[nyc (14.1.1)](#nyc)**|ISC, MIT
**[mocha (6.1.4)](#mocha)**|MIT
**[should (13.2.3)](#should)**|MIT




### Details


#### **nyc (14.1.1)**


* Licenses
    * ISC
        * Attribution:
        Copyright (c) 2019, nyc Contributors
		Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.
		THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ISC DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL ISC BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
    * MIT
        * Attribution:
        ISC License
		
		Copyright (c) 2015, Contributors
		
		Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software
		for any purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided
		that the above copyright notice and this permission notice
		appear in all copies.
		
		THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
		WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES
		OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE
		LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
		OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS,
		WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION,
		ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.
		




* Other Licenses




---
---

#### **mocha (6.1.4)**


* Licenses
    * MIT
        * Attribution:
        (The MIT License)
		
		Copyright (c) 2011-2018 JS Foundation and contributors, https://js.foundation
		
		Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
		a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
		'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
		without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
		distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
		permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
		the following conditions:
		
		The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
		included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
		
		THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
		EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
		MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
		IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
		CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
		TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
		SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
		




* Other Licenses
    * **Multi-license:** BSD-3-Clause *OR* MIT




---
---

#### **should (13.2.3)**


* Licenses
    * MIT
        * Attribution:
        Copyright(c) 2010-2013 TJ Holowaychuk <tj@vision-media.ca>
		Copyright(c) 2013-2017 Denis Bardadym <bardadymchik@gmail.com>
		
		Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
		of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
		in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
		to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
		copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
		furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:
		
		The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
		all copies or substantial portions of the Software.
		
		THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
		IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
		FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
		AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
		LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
		OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
		THE SOFTWARE.
		




* Other Licenses




---
---






***Deep dependencies not included.  Enable this in FOSSA to include deeper data.***



***Full license list not included.  Enable this in FOSSA to include licenses.***



[FOSSA]: # (Do not touch the comments below)

[FOSSA]: # (==depsig=e3b0c44298fc1c149afbf4c8996fb92427ae41e4649b934ca495991b7852b855==)


